hello guys I just spoke up in Austin
Texas here's a little hotel room tour we
got the bed we got a chair we got a TV
and then I am here for South by
Southwest in giving a talk which is
actually a really big deal it's a huge
deal to me and I'm so so excited so
thankful for this opportunity maybe I
get to see some of you guys here in
Austin at South by Southwest but first
is first gotta get some breakfast in you
gotta get some good good food I ordered
a lot of food and see the thing is I
haven't prepared that much for my talk
and it's tomorrow so today I'm going to
lock myself in this hotel room I'm not
going to hang out with anyone until
later until I have my talk prepared and
all good I do best when preparing for
things like this last-minute and
announced crunch time so so yeah let's
do it
my voice hmm I woke up like thirty
minutes ago so Stricklin going to drink
this entire container coffee
[Music]
okay I have a video exporting I have to
run errands of course I forgot another
step so I need to go get something but
see the problem is often and often also
I love you but there's no Hoover there's
no apparently sometimes this year the
penny got in a battle with these
companies and uber and lyft didn't want
to have to require the drivers to get
fingerprints to attach their profiles so
the City of Austin is like all right
wool five and then Hoover and lift left
and so it there's not a lot of shared
ride options here just you know getting
a taxi alone causes a lot of anxiety for
me just getting to my hotels and then I
watch my homies snapchat Sam Shepard and
he snapped about this thing so there's
this car service car to go that
effectively is like a pick-up and
drop-off service for cars
look at this little thing up alright so
Keith is explaining to me how it works
apparently it's 45 cents per minute to
ride the thing and you can drop it off
anywhere anywhere you want I know this
probably seems like a hashtag add
hashtag sponsorship but it's not I'm
just stoked when companies do cool stuff
and innovate and so I'm going to go try
this car to go thing cuz it's solving a
very big problem that I have and I'm
just stoked because I haven't driven in
a minute you know I live in New York
City and so being back in my home state
of Texas and then you know having the
freedom to hop in a car and go run my
errands I'm all about it alright I'm all
about it so you can actually drop off
these cars and you are in the city but
then there's also designated drop-off
spots that you can drop them off and I
think I'm close then I'm going to take
my boost to a drop-off spot because you
know new boosted v2 this is the first
time that I'm going to be taking it out
in Austin Texas sound like stuff excited
yes I think they're in that parking lot
look at this to hear our cue car to go
cars this was a random parking lot I
think this is mine okay this is it I
pressed start
rentals yes
vehicles okay now please all the
additional steps up to come on
what says welcome 30g put out my 10
removing the shed some the whole dirty
okay the covers on
no I guess
all right it's a boosted work what this
is good cream so they don't have an
option Gordon I need to champ where's
the Ox first of all version - booster
board I was a little nervous on it the
torque is more intense and it takes a
little bit more to break because I
accidentally kind of like plugged into a
biker guy on the Wow I'm very interested
by let's boost Avicii goes fast I feel
like it goes faster I feel like it does
it feels good though it's just different
it's different from the bean one maybe I
will do a B one versus V - booster board
video let me know if you guys want that
right now first destination is Ulta
playing it's unlike makeup and
toiletries that I forgot
I have arrived so now I press Park Park
park
okay I know why that's working but I
feel like I'm home back in Dallas Texas
there's a null set there's a cool cut
there's a Longhorns steakhouse babies
are s pet Park it's like I miss the
strip shopping malls you don't have that
New York can't lock it okay first stop
hopefully success per hit with a success
oh my gosh I have arrived at America's
gem Academy spots and outside Kadim II
it's been a minute
as a new day new running shoes for a
while now I forgot to bring my running
shoes Austin why not buy some new ones
here's Sara Matthews
hmm this this is mine oh my gosh she's
kind of like toes on my sheet and of
course they are the most expensive
I'm gonna get them insanely successful
Aaron mission is creepy being here in
the burbs with Austin Texas it's exactly
the same exactly the same as Grapevine
Texas we're in front that's crazy
everyone has targets and pot bellies and
chilies all exactly the same in the
highways like I'm getting all nostalgic
for home I'm nesting
anyways back to the hotel to get some
more fish done feeling productive okay
bass is what the room was a success new
shoes I had to get back because I forgot
a bag to like put stuff in outside of my
suitcase I cannot get over how easy it
was to use a car to go and how amazing I
was to have my own car to just go places
Park and do whatever I needed to do
wow wow wow wow wow I just got my
receipt um $23 I use it from 248 to 440
$23
[Music]
goodness gracious
okay inside for the rest today
nope no more few months I didn't even
talk to anyone but it just started
raining like coming down really hard
there was humans everywhere and that's
just like getting me back to the hotel
move uh look how pretty this video is
all Moody and rainy I got all the things
done when we got myself a Southwest
badge and the bag self by schedule Wow
you just want to taste of how intense
South by is like this is just film fest
edge ool
most importantly what I got in here is a
bad guy a cheeseburger with oh my gosh
when in Texas eat cheeseburgers right
give me one day one day and I'll get
back to my son Labs and green stuff
there has to be some of that here in
Texas right it's very very rare for me
to come along to something like a
company or an app that works so well
that really no one knows about so I read
these articles especially from people
like producthunt who lists alternative
car ride share services you know since
Austin does not have / or lyft and I
always looked and hard to go was not one
on there it cars all over the city that
you can use with car to go you just
freaking hop in it drive around drop it
off wherever you can drop it off at the
free car to go parking spots around the
city or I think you can just drop it off
anywhere Carter goes also New York
City's where I live so I'm like dang
this is something I can use and I do
want to give these people like free
promotion because it's an awesome
product at the same time I was like
could I maybe get compensated for
sharing about it so I emailed them and I
actually gave me a referral code for you
guys so if you want to download the app
and try out for the first time you can
use this referral code and you'll get
some free miles I'll get some free miles
and we can do have some fun riding
riding around I know I did not show you
a ton of me riding my new booster board
I'm excited to get out there and just
zoom around you're going to be seeing a
lot of that first impression whoa
have a lot more torque it's very very
noisy compared to the v1 but it sounds
powerful it sounds good I'll definitely
be writing it a ton this week but just
write in a booster board and then
hopping in this car and running errands
for hours for only like $20 and then
you know having my fish for my electric
skateboard adds like the in-between it
just gives me stoked her the future I
have like technology and transportation
and you know a ton of people are still
moving into cities like crazy and you
know public transportation always to be
improved but you know it's like this
sharing economy maybe fewer people are
going to own less cars in the future
which would be good I feel like this
good for the environment right anyways I
am so so for South by Southwest giving
my talks around it kind of like buckle
down and really figure out what I'm
trying to say at Adobe MAX conference
the losses when I spoke at it was like
an hour fifteen minute talk and so this
chocolate meeting itself is like 40
minutes hot twenty minutes Q&A so does
it make me too nervous but still gotta
prepare show it's all you problem
solvers and hustlers out there and so to
be living life on the internet beside
you keep keep killing it as always stay
motivated to stay pumped because there's
still so many problems out in the world
that need to be solved by you by you you
could have this brilliant idea and all
it takes is those long hours you know
programming making that video making
that whatever it is go solve problems
guys that's it let's make this world a
better place for our children and for
our grandchildren children
alcohol's and so in the description
below about car2go my referral code let
me know if you liked this video and hit
that subscribe button down below if
you're new
come join the Peachy fan and until next
time guys stay peachy okay nice
[Music]